aspru neted
ceresc pământesc
blestemat binecuvântat
jos înalt
plictisitor vioi
incoruptibil incorect
privat public
extensiv intensiv
binevoitor dușmănos
favorabil nepotrivit
toi târziu
cu tihnit
experimentat experiență
gălăgios liniștit
neschimbat schimbabil
delicat nepriceput
demonstrativ modest
moderație potrivit
diferit similar
prost sprinten
demoralizant vesel
local național
eficient ineficace
proaspăt sărat
incert neîndoios
amical vrăjmaș
amorțit energic
rost semnificativ
incert neîndoielnic
mare mic
colateral direct
imposibil probabil
corect strâmb
impredictibil previzibil
plin vid
principal subordonat
nepretențios ostentativ
intermitent neîncetat
important insignifiant
minuscul majuscul
echivoc univoc
heterosexual homosexual
aproape depărtat
relaxat încordat
neîntrerupt nesigur
neajutorat suav
exoterm endotermic
imobil în
insignifiant important
fragil solid
constructiv distrugător
de sărac
divin pământesc
nevătămător nociv
nesubordonat obedient
model simplu
senin înnorat
just nedrept
nepriceput suav
cultivat needucat
aseptic microbian
nedemn valoros
mijloc tardiv
descurajator voios
descurcăreț ingenuu
colorat incolor
inofensiv nociv
determinant neînsemnat
meschin mărinimos
afirmativ negativ
delicat neajutorat
incoruptibil neonest
drept dințat
antipatic agreabil
impecabil imperfect
debil viguros
exterior interior
amical dușmănos
just neechitabil
nesigur sine
intoxicat treaz
frapant nevăzut
aton tonic
blond negricios
redus ridicat
adecvat neindicat
aspru fin
ager confuz
nedeslușit sensibil
inatacabil vulnerabil
bogat nevoiaș
clasă calic
nerăbdător îndurător
nesănătos salubru
incorect integru
cuminte necugetat
nebunesc înțelept
strâmt întins
copt verde
convex scobit
imobil mișcare
mulțumit nesatisfăcut
dezagreabil potrivit
neconfirmat pecetluit
nerăbdător pacient
nemișcat în
chibzuit necugetat
corect urât
nesănătos salutar
brut diez
concentrat distribuit
bisexual homosexual
ireproșabil rău
eterogen omogen
inconstant statornic
neafectat tulburat
avariție generos
necivilizat politicos
echitabil injust
mobil nemișcat
dezgustător respectabil
dinamic letargic
afirmativ nefavorabil
drept inechitabil
bombat concav
fără moderat
primar secundar
meschin nobil
dispus descurajant
neclintit în
neizbutit succes
ingrat recunoscător
binecuvântat blestemat
corect greșit
neeficient productiv
energic placid
gol plin
păstrat proaspăt
competent nechemat
apatic energic
același diferit
neprevăzut predictibil
armonios diform
conștient neatent
grațios neajutorat
bucuros trist
nerealist realistic
deprimant dispus
dezavantajos favorabil
curat infectat
efectiv ineficient
toi întârziat
competent incapabil
treaz îmbătat
sănătos uituc
alene rapid
nevrednic valoros
animal inanimat
mort viu
bisexual heterosexual
demoralizant dispus
noros senin
autentic contrafăcut
deosebit similar
brun bălai
agreabil antipatic
comun individual
capabil incompetent
aspru moale
septic steril
absent prezent
demoralizant voios
senin țâfnos
lax tensionat
dizgrațios nepătat
binevoitor ostil
parțial întreg
dispus demoralizator
drept zimțuit
neschimbat schimbător
cuminte nesăbuit
homosexual heterosexual
cutezător sfios
negativ pozitiv
sensibil încurcat
insolvent solvabil
târziu toi
decis nehotărât
bisexual invertit
liniștit îngrijorat
tihnit îngrijorat
nereușit succes
analfabet știutor
ridicat redus
fin încâlcit
ud uscat
divizat unit
competent nepriceput
exoterm endoterm
bine descurajator
timid încrezător
nerafinat procesat
integru necorect
necinstit onest
precedent următor
cuviincios indecent
nepărtinitor parțial
extraordinar normal
de impenitent
fecund nefertil
timpuriu târziu
avizat neinformat
dizgrațios respectabil
direct închis
urmă înainte
cu netulburat
liber robit
hirsut pleșuv
contaminat curat
costisitor ieftin
discontinuu neîntrerupt
bine descurajant
concav convex
disproporționat proporțional
fantezist simplu
neotrăvitor toxic
leal necinstit
lin vioi
nespart zdrobit
destins încordat
izbitor nevăzut
frumos urât
fizic nesubstanțial
unit împărțit
proaspăt răsuflat
hotărât neclar
corespunzător nepotrivit
copt crud
descurajant încurajator
de neserios
leal necorect
miez întârziat
fără semnificativ
chel păros
nou vechi
imperfect ireproșabil
domol rapid
liniștit tulburat
bălai brun
gingaș solid
atrofiat mărit
bălai tuciuriu
optimist speranță
potrivnic prieten
corespunzător inadecvat
necugetat înțelept
timpuriu întârziat
tardiv timpuriu
probleme tihnit
actual viitor
bidimensional tridimensional
mijloc sărman
civilizat nepoliticos
laș neînfricat
nepretențios provocator
mișcare nemișcat
rimă rimat
acerb molatic
biped patruped
grăsime gras
descurajant voios
alfabetizat analfabet
vertical înclinat
neplăcut potrivit
bun uituc
ambiguu univoc
bălai negricios
ager încurcat
important secundar
rimat rimă
extraordinar obișnuit
gazos solid
mare minor
nesigur susținut
solid șubred
afară interior
cromatic neutral
dinainte dinapoi
inamic prieten
păros pleșuv
major minor
agil prost
bărbătesc femeiesc
necorespunzător potrivit
robust slab
incoruptibil necorect
descurajator dispus
drept stâng
același alt
demoralizator voios
dispus descurajator
larg îngust
cunoscut nefamiliar
animal neînsuflețit
calic clasă
nesigur încredere
luminos întunecat
decis șovăielnic
evident neclar
opac transparent
delicat stângaci
clar nearticulat
nesigur încrezător
neutru negativ
netulburat probleme
eventual imposibil
asigurat nesigur
cald rece
fecund sterp
gazos lichid
amical ostil
periculos sigur
echivoc neambiguu
insensibil senzorial
cu simplu
cinstit strâmb
prost repede
dispus deprimant
neaccentuat tonic
central periferic
clar opac
închis întredeschis
colateral drept
permanent temporar
nepregătit priceput
analfabet de
optimist pesimist
ascuțit bont
incert pecetluit
plicticos vioi
mărinimos meschin
instabil neîntrerupt
de neizbutit
alb negru
inteligent prost
descurajant vesel
antipatic simpatic
necurat pur
prezent viitor
imperfect impecabil
cald rezervat
nimerit nepotrivit
moale tare
cosit netăiat
cuvenit nepotrivit
bisexual pederast
heterosexual invertit
inflexibil suplu
steril septic
comod inconfortabil
suav stângaci
adânc ușor
imprevizibil predictibil
brunet blond
compus simplu
moale vârtos
apetisant neatrăgător
statornic schimbător
prieten vrăjmaș
binevenit inoportun
endoterm exotermic
abil inocent
mijloc nevoiaș
cromatic neutru
avar generos
constructiv distructiv
eficace ineficient
dezagreabil plăcut
onest strâmb
mat strălucitor
timpuriu toi
dificil ușor
cert nesigur
aprins mort
amețit treaz
corporal imaterial
nevalabil valid
echitabil nejust
isteț prost
endotermic exotermic
gaz plat
alb-negru color
molatec necruțător
lung scurt
de eșuat
insolvabil solvent
neintenționat voluntar
luminos obscur
miez târziu
descurajator încurajator
mândru modest
ostil prieten
heterosexual pederast
minor major
prieten potrivnic
pitic înalt
inadecvat potrivit
general specific
fără potrivit
blând intens
avar nobil
fără rimat
dominant subordonat
mare îngust
neadecvat potrivit
searbăd vioi
mișcat neafectat
fecund steril
blond brun
ușor vioi
modest provocator
larg mic
neprietenos prietenesc
alt același
ager încâlcit
corect rău
septic sterilizat
drept încovoiat
deprimant voios
curat murdar
rotunjit unghiular
binevoitor vrăjmaș
public privat
lipsit liber
explicit implicit
eterogen unitar
aspru molatic
demoralizator vesel
asemănător diferit
hotărât șovăielnic
pastelat închis
actual trecut
liniștit problematic
direct ocolitor
moale tensionat
eșuat succes
multilateral unilateral
incert sigur
determinant secundar
gravidă neînsărcinată
hotărât indecis
bolnav sănătos
neîmbrăcat înțolit
sfios îndrăzneț
instabil solid
cutezător timid
abscons direct
mulțumitor nesatisfăcător
neserios încredere
trecut viitor
ineficient productiv
bogat mijloc
impenitent plin
chel hirsut
de nesigur
androgin bărbătesc
neafectat înduioșat
neputincios tare
prezent potențial
emoționat neafectat
corect necinstit
lat strâmt
debil puternic
atrofiat hipertrofiat
mic înalt
descurajant dispus
complex simplu
fără gras
inodor mirositor
conservator liberal
generos meschin
bine demoralizator
bine deprimant
bogat calic
frânt nespart
adecvat necorespunzător
tridimensional unidimensional
familiar neobișnuit
neprevăzut previzibil
timpuriu tardiv
necompetent priceput
găunos masiv
echitabil nedrept
neastâmpărat ușor
delicat solid
invizibil izbitor
semnificativ zadarnic
androgin femeiesc
neted rugos
desăvârșit imperfect
mijloc întârziat
artificial natural
integru necinstit
mijloc sărac
cu plat
neliniștit ușor
impotent viril
experimentat fără
nesănătos în
imparțial părtinitor
incompetent priceput
ridicat scăzut
întredeschis închis
bidimensional unidimensional
inferior superior
ascuțit mocnit
grațios neîndemânatic
amorțit dinamic
negustoresc necomercial
sprinten ușor
analfabet alfabetizat
incoerent logic
sensibil încâlcit
netulburat îngrijorat
incomensurabil măsurabil
bogat sărac
activ mort
neindicat potrivit
ascuțit tocit
animal mort
adevărat fals
izbitor invizibil
generos zgârcit
domol vioi
nemulțumit satisfăcut
grăbit urmă
eventual improbabil
exotermic endotermic
capabil nepregătit
ghinionist norocos
bogat de
drept zimțat
ineficace operațional
nepăsător precaut
domesticit sălbatic
neexistent prezent
natural nefiresc
descurajator vesel
ascuțit înăbușit
naiv sofisticat
de nereușit
nesăbuit socotit
liber lipsit
ascuțit înfundat
fin zgrunțuros
energic slab
dinapoi dinainte
curat contaminat
mic mare
dezinfectat septic
consistent moale
nechemat priceput
bălai oacheș
agreabil inconfortabil
necomercial negustoresc
incorect leal
perpendicular înclinat
fin rugos
binișor rapid
firav robust
demonstrativ nepretențios
inconfortabil plăcut
maniabil refractar
ascuns deschis
prolix succint
deflaționist inflaționist
ieftin scump
inocent vinovat
adecvat nepotrivit
prezent trecut
grăbit în
inconstant neîntrerupt
incapabil priceput
minor mare
necugetat socotit
chibzuit nesăbuit
proaspăt vechi
compatibil inconsistent
luminos întunecos
asemănător deosebit
adipos slab
potențial prezent
exterior intern
ezitant hotărât
de sărman
acceptabil neîngăduit
insignifiant semnificativ
indispensabil nenecesar
bogat clasă
gras grăsime
moale necruțător
deprimant vesel
timid îndrăzneț
delicat neîndemânatic
căință impenitent
rapid încet
fracționar întreg
nesăbuit înțelept
grațios stângaci
incorect incoruptibil
bun rău
avar mărinimos
ireproșabil urât
mișcare neclintit
descurcăreț inocent
direct ocolit
nefamiliar știut
miez timpuriu
determinant minor
incoruptibil necinstit
afurisit binecuvântat
controlabil dificil
nefiresc natural
murdar pur
inconstant susținut
tihnit tulburat
bărbătesc poltron
competent nepregătit
formă nesănătos
constructiv nimicitor
colțuros rotunjit
nobil zgârcit
fără optimist
continuu intermitent
neglijent ordonat
nepotrivit nimerit
blond brunet
prost vioi
insensibil senzitiv
capabil nechemat
euforic nefericit
competent necalificat
concordant inconsistent
competent neinformat
confuz fin
premergător următor
nesfințit sfânt
lat mic
iute prost
neîndemânatic suav
mobil neclintit
modest ostentativ
neîmbrăcat înveșmântat
confuz sensibil
schimbător statornic
endotermic exoterm
calicie generos
exact imprecis
demoralizator dispus
material nesubstanțial
lichid solid
anterograd retrograd
brun blond
firav solid
plat spumos
liniștit zgomotos
drept strâmb
endoterm exoterm
drept nejust
empiric teoretic
lejer tensionat
amplu modest
miez tardiv
cuminte nebunesc
neastâmpărat serios
drept neechitabil
clasă sărman
chibzuit nebunesc
călduros răcoros
actual potențial
larg strâmt
dințat drept
crud copt
mare strâmt
dumnezeiesc pământesc
scund înalt
acceptabil nepermis
plăpând solid
intermitent necontenit
animal neanimat
lin sprinten
primejdios sigur
toi timpuriu
brav laș
integru neonest
acerb molatec
discontinuu necontenit
efectiv ineficace
blond oacheș
proaspăt păstrat
neascultător obedient
blond tuciuriu
decent licențios
domesticit neîmblânzit
atractiv neatrăgător
inflexibil mlădios
clasă nevoiaș
frământat ușor
euforic nenorocit
mijloc timpuriu
cuvenit neindicat
reunit separat
neinformat pregătit
bombat scobit
meritoriu nevrednic
pleșuv păros
familiar nefiresc
borțoasă neînsărcinată
extern intern
laș viteaz
moderație moderat
fin nedeslușit
curat dizgrațios
curajos laș
hotărât nedecis
nesigur neîntrerupt
dezinfectat microbian
curent trecut
plăsmuit real
dezgustător nepătat
ambiguu inechivoc
bolnav însănătoșit
de liber
corespunzător neadecvat
neted zgrunțuros
central marginal
agitat ușor
bogat sărman
inexistent prezent
clandestin legal
minoritar majoritar
monovalent polivalent
activ pasiv
capabil necompetent
problematic tihnit
combinat simplu
corect neonest
nebunesc socotit
toi tardiv
democratic nedemocrat
arcuit drept
ilicit legal
euforic mâhnit
apropiat îndepărtat
cuviincios licențios
ciudat familiar
concentric excentric
ireproșabil imperfect
bont tăios
ager nedeslușit
important neînsemnat
abil nepriceput
convex concav
mândru umil
majoritar minoritar
aspru molatec
jucăuș serios
curat dezgustător
sterilizat septic
antipatic plăcut
coerent ilogic
instabil susținut
decisiv nedecis
integru incorect
cu liniștit
majuscul minuscul
calic mijloc
nelimitat redus
debil energic
leal neonest
nesupus obedient
modest mândru
agale rapid
ager prost
energic letargic
gras slab
impotent tare
luminos mat
analfabet carte
lipsă prezent
uscat ud
fin încurcat
cardinal ordinal
acceptabil inadmisibil
cald distant
grațios nepriceput
constant nestatornic
discontinuu neîncetat
accentuat aton
invariabil variat
curent viitor
impresionat neafectat
angular rotunjit
concis prolix
de nevoiaș
drept injust
negativ neutru
gros subțire
neprietenos tovărășesc
neutru pozitiv
frapant invizibil
autentic fals
exotermic endoterm
relaxat tensionat
anost vioi
deosebit înrudit
netulburat problematic
greu ușor
destins tensionat
moderat moderație
microbian sterilizat
acromat cromatic
brunet bălai
crestat drept
tăios tocit
molatic necruțător
târziu timpuriu
diform proporționat
acerb moale
dezavantajos prielnic
bătrân tânăr
microbian steril
alternativ opus
analog deosebit
liniștit probleme
deschis închis
sălbatic îmblânzit
aton accentuat
meritoriu nedemn
amplu sărac
clasă sărac
comun neobișnuit
fizic imaterial
fierbinte rece
fecund infertil
experiență experimentat
nociv nevătămător
abil ingenuu
bine demoralizant
tulburat tihnit
generos zgârcenie
intermitent neîntrerupt
neînsemnat semnificativ
dezirabil nedorit
bălai brunet
lat îngust
mărinimos zgârcit
tare încet
constant schimbător
central mărginaș
elastic inflexibil
aproape îndepărtat
calic de
inechitabil just
dispus demoralizant
curbat drept
profund superficial
decis ezitant
tardiv toi
mijloc târziu
tocit tăios
agreabil neplăcut
stângaci suav
principal secundar
puternic slab
calm furtunos
slab viguros
domol sprinten
important minor
limpede neclar
